and on me on the edges of the map got a
nice strong start against hungrybox seed
one goes after Murphy decides the camp
oh uh I really hope he doesn't if he
camps I hope he doesn't try to laser
camp because do you think that's
effective I don't think it works anymore
oh maybe unlike pokemon stadium or final
destination and he has gone polite he is
he is racking up a lot of percent there
he's at sixty-five percent the thing is
a lot of the time in this matchup it's
gonna be one hit kills you know
especially for puff against box but also
for proximate you notice that Fox
sneaking the lasers when he can as he's
moved wide exact age a lot a lot of Fox
later I was gonna say you can't let
yourself get cornered if you're gonna
laser cam and as soon as he sees that
about to happen he switches into an
aggressive playstyle so very smart play
from asylum so far we tried to catch him
with heat up air that was very smart and
he does maybe and now Hunger box is at
the point where any stray up smash up
air up till even is going to kill him
however grabs will not lead to a kill
was like gets back to the Lich like I
said he's really comfortable on the
ledge don't think hungrybox is gonna
really scare him off of it he's got very
good the eye on these bad cares but uh
don't know if that's gonna be enough and
he lived for a really long time but
wasn't able to really get any more
percent or any strong offensive
possibilities there yeah hungry hungry
boxer just he's very patient when it
comes to the license for you I feel like
just psychologically as Fox you need to
get a kill really quickly then the one
hand yes but on the other hand if you
rush into anything against puff you're
looking to get rested or back thrown in
just edged garden but yeah he's keeping
it even and what I like is he's not he's
not letting himself fall behind it
pacing you know I'm fortune every box he
delayed the up throw they're actually
gave him time to dry yeah and was still
able to get a rest off by properly
reading I wonder if he was debating
doing up the row or tossing off stage
because as we may see here good recovery
actually from asylum but not gonna join
us at rest and here's the thing that's
so scary against the player like hungry
boxes you know asylum was keeping up in
the neutral game but all of a sudden
ease down to sucks just two grams he's
down to socks possibly a third here yep
oh no he makes a pact in hundred hunky
boxer head yeah he was looking to catch
with the backhand there now silence got
his footing again but it's just got to
be so careful see if you give your
punish here it's not gonna once again
not gonna kill and I feel like it's not
gonna kill it's just better to go for a
grab and up there or something like that
you can just get a little bit more
percent but hey you know what as long as
you're getting the hits you know you're
in control you've got the momentum
that's what really matters in hungry
bucks so that beautifully right how much
more salt exactly those backers gearbox
read his up be perfectly and takes game
on however asylum had a pretty strong
showing there you know it like yeah you
got to suck but he also got hit by 20 to
Jeb like 0 to defcon so just how most
yeah very early in his stock I guess
you're the depth kind of applies if it's
early yeah this is the third time the
ATM once again I just I don't see a
reason to go to any other stage except
for final destination
and that's why I feel like final
destinations getting family and now here
here this is the stage where laser
camping cattle work because it's a lot
harder for you to get cornered here and
what about the stage transitions to pay
favor box as well oh definitely the walk
and fire oh good edge guarding their 400
bucks the rock and the fire definitely
favor Fox it's a lot harder for
Jigglypuff to get those early kills with
a wall in the way the other they can
turn off breasticles on certain portion
yeah the other two transformations are
i'd say probably fox's favor but they're
not so overwhelmingly bad that it's kind
of high capacity too much and another
jab reset rest you've got to just be so
careful about you know what i think
people are doing is they're trying to el
cancel when they get caught and if you
press it in el or are all the way when
you try to el cancel you can't tax so
you want a precedent only halfway where
you see and then you keep you make it so
that you are still able to tech catches
him with a back here though and that's
one of the nice things that Fox has over
characters like same Arthur exam or puff
to an extent is once he gets an opponent
up to a high percent all catches him
with the the neutral bee gees I feel
like the silent thought that he needed
to punish that somehow instead of just
letting it right yeah he was smart to
wait until he release then then move but
yeah just went a little too early
catches himself side being on stage in
Kansas it but that does give hungrybox
and punish which is not really what you
want
but what I was going to say is one Sox
get disappointed up to a high percent he
does have options to finish from the mob
Town a future just catching with back
hair up there and again a beautiful
display of just zoning clocks out
recovery though you know you that's one
of the things is you got to be tenacious
with a recovery you know you can't just
accept death pretty hungry bucks make
makes a little error you the best
players good Kansas crew can screw up
edge guards especially against Fox he
has so many options you know very
difficult to cover ball and I think do
you like to try to go to the ledge um or
do you try to grab you don't say if you
have a good off the ledge game I do not
personally I'm not very good at wave
light on stage but if you're able to do
it pretty consistently then I think
going for the lunch if it's given to you
is the best option cuz I mean really Fox
he's got an infinite ledge stall and oh
noes catch him with a cup the barrier
that's actually a very high percentage i
was also had to hit that underlie repair
that's extremely impressive that he was
area that might have been as high as it
can go you know gets caught an affair
strength and to rest but hey he he
played pretty well there definitely was
not letting her watch this blogger he
said he's definitely given hundred bucks
the best fight so far I think we'll
probably see here we go get into the
bracket but now we're going to see
voodoo Jen voodoo gin in debates Luigi
dittos I don't think that's is that it
was out of it that's made me have we
seen these in tournament I know it's
happened before I know I've seen it i
don't know if it's been on stream
anywhere hey we got the jiggling for
trophy
now these two are interesting because
they both play Luigi but in my opinion
they have polar opposite play cells for
example voodoo gin he prefers